---
type: daily
title: "2025/10-October/2025-10-03-Fr"
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/10-October/2025-10-02-Th\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/10-October/2025-10-04-Sa\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-10-03 

- That was unexpected. Mother going home. W angry sad. Me feeling that way after a cathartic catastrophe. I was thinking the other day that I hadn't had an (I don't have a term: maybe boilover which captures the sense w/o emotional embellishment)
- This feeling of having gone too far but relieved at having gone
- I am a self-important fraud
- stray: I wouldn't have the energy to woo anyone
- the image of Edna and me locked up in a closet, them hearing us cry. morphs into a more sinister scenario: Pepito is off at the hospital and Anita is stuck in the barracks in Holon with two kids. A handsome neighbors, Russian perhaps, strolls by and sees Anita who appears familiar like the Russian girls he knew back home but with a different something. Pepito won't be back for a couple of hours, but what to do about the kids?
- Some boys love their mothers, others not so much
- The shame the regret the second guessing that always follows
- maybe you are the crazy one
- yet this happens so often that I've taken to looking at then dissociatedly
- the cathartic expulsion
- I had been thinking of why / what contributes to the last minute thing, and flashed on when she saved me with the Wisconsin project and later with an Abraham Lincoln history project. Those were the times my mother and I worked together. I was in distress and she was helping me and not yelling at me. Waiting until the last minute = mother's love. 
- I told her this story. She said, "You remember the funniest things"
- I wonder if that's what happened to Edna. I can imagine her trying to tell the mother stories like this about when it worked and the mother saying, "You remember the funniest things"
- you will never be the mother I needed because you never needed to be a mother

### blather break

---
[[Portland fiasco blather break]]
---

- The aftermath. The damage I did to Wendy. No damage to the mother
- feel depleted humiliated stupid and also done




## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-10-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

### Notes created today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-10-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc -->



> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-10-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc
>```


### Notes modified today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-10-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc -->


## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

