---
type: daily
title: 2025/10-October/2025-10-14-Tu
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/10-October/2025-10-13-Mo\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/10-October/2025-10-15-We\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-10-14 

- Good workout though felt brief
- Pink Martini without China Forbes is [[just (word)|just]] Martini
- did I say that already I think I said that already
- i’m nearly 65 years old and [[institutionalized]] is still the way I feel about my parents. What I realize now I think is that I guess that I forgave them and they they didn’t see my forgiveness for the gift that it was they thought they were entitled to it they were not grateful enough. Something something the irony of not lost on me that wanting their devotion because I am entitled to it it doesn’t matter thinking about too much. I don’t think.
- in a text, the reader can talk back to the author, but the only way that author has to talk back to the reader is by knowing that they still have the readers attention. This came out of an idea I just had about leaving the proof of the existence of something leaving it as an exercise to the reader, then following it up with a new paragraph and that’s us since you’re still with me I assume that you either accepted whatever we were talking about or you did the exercise and convinced yourself that whatever it was that we were talking about was true in any case it means we’re accepting this is true. We’re not going to discuss whether or not it’s true but the subsequent argument in conversation assumes that whatever it is is true. 


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-10-14") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

### Notes created today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-10-14") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc -->



> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-10-14") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc
>```


### Notes modified today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-10-14") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc -->


## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [popmechanic/diane: "Every day, once a day, give yourself a present" -Agent Dale Cooper](https://github.com/popmechanic/diane)  [13:00]
>  "Every day, once a day, give yourself a present" -Agent Dale Cooper - popmechanic/diane 
