---
type: daily
title: 2025/10-October/2025-10-06-Mo
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/10-October/2025-10-05-Su\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/10-October/2025-10-07-Tu\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-10-06 

- Gil drops by for breakfast on his way to MGH
- [[Cafe Gitane Was ‘a Vanguard of Cool.’ Now Employees Say They Can’t Get Paid]] How do they stay in business. They have to be getting coffee from some vendor. Employees not paid in months? How are they paying rent. This would be a great way to get rid of rich layabouts. Or the real product is the experience it's a camp for trust fund kids who want to play entrepreneur or barista   How does the young manager not know until her book (about managing the cafe) comes out that the cafe is mismanaged? My guess, larping as tk famous restauranteur
- What happens next "anxiety means living in all possible futures" related to [[INFOHOARDING]] and [[future me]]
- The number of people in my family keeps getting smaller. Why does every meeting with my mother have to be an exercise in eggshells. every visit is a celebration of the fights we avoided
- I feel a small sense of elation like when I was free of Carol. a loss and a loss of hope possibility. but also but mostly a release
- the wish for family. Edna Shifra & I were infected with it. our parents uprooted us multiple times with only chaos constant. 


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-10-06") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

### Notes created today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-10-06") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc -->



> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-10-06") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc
>```


### Notes modified today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-10-06") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc -->


## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [Handy](https://handy.computer/)  [10:58]
>  Handy is a cross platform, open-source, speech-to-text application for your computer 
