---
type: daily
title: 2025/03-March/2025-03-25-Tu
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/03-March/2025-03-24-Mo\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/03-March/2025-03-26-We\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-03-25 

- Hard on the legs this morning
- I'm thinking about redemption. Why people don't like being called racist and do racists things. It can't be racist because I'm the one doing it and only bad people are racist and I'm not a bad person. What is is there a mechanism for saying yes you are a bad person, and I will will not deal with you for that reason. "I'm not racist! They really are animals!"
- Makes it easy to blame others for evil if one never acknowledges their own. something something Germany. there are no good examples because it's difficult to do.
- there is no timeline where [choose your crime against humanity] isn't bad. and the bad thing was done. it's not really a question of why evil exists. it does. it's intrinsic. sometimes I babble. 
- waiting to be told
	- [[someday I would be admitted into the fold]]
	- [[someday there will be time]]
- [16:00] Some observations on blue sky [[neurotype & work]]
- if there's a calling to be missed I have heard it
- the taste of stale bon mots
  there's a trick to reheating them, the key of which is to let them go stale. you want to lose all the moisture of the bon mot without altering its structure. you don't want to wring the bon mot or press it. you want the moisture not merely to evaporate but to disappear. we are at the point where the distinction between dehydration and dessication turns serious. our objective is a bon mot of pure structure. a dessicated bon mot a bloodless bon mot / what is a little more drastic than anemic.
- peregrinations


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-03-25") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-03-25") SORT file.mtime desc
>```

## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- https://youtube.com/watch?v=K8nrF5aXPlQ&feature=shared
  > via: https://www.reddit.com/r/GenerationJones/s/ljU4T5MEZt
  > language? what is this music video rap
  > Die Antwoord South Africa 
  

- [Whose code am I running in GitHub Actions?](https://alexwlchan.net/2025/github-actions-audit/) [19:09]
> I wanted to know what third-party code I was using in my GitHub Actions. I was able to use standard text processing tools and shell pipelines to get a quick tally.