---
type: daily
title: 2025/03-March/2025-03-30-Su
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/03-March/2025-03-29-Sa\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/03-March/2025-03-31-Mo\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-03-30 

- holy moly [[Leave Her to Heaven (1945)]]
- [[On Approval (1944)]] did not watch
- [[Portrait of Jennie (1948)]]
- talked to mom; Gil doesn't want to talk today; W is self contained. This always makes me feel unsteady. 
- [17:41] On the term "skeet" I am -- I want to say too tired, but that's not really what I mean. I mean I don't have the bandwidth to learn a new jargon. Yeah, I was all over the tweets and the retweets and subtweets and it was cool because I was there at the beginning; and you know I was ok with the toots and whatever. But the skeets. I just don't have time for that. Time.
- I need a slug for this idea of me through time
- Being someone who has kept up with the slang is not how I imagine future me is
- Entire styles of music, genres of books, singers, actors, gamer subcultures, styles of dress (pink pilates princess? coquette?) that I don't even know I don't know existed.
- When I was younger it was hard to not be up to the moment, radio tv print it was always going to be there. But now there are so many places to look.
- Keep coming back to needing to consider how much time is left
- There is no later
- Like: there's no reason for me to learn about monads 


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-03-30") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-03-30") SORT file.mtime desc
>```

## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [amatya-aditya/obsidian-media-slider: An obsidian plugin that helps to make slider for images, audios, videos, pdfs, markdown, etc in obsidian notes.](https://github.com/amatya-aditya/obsidian-media-slider) [15:39]
> An obsidian plugin that helps to make slider for images, audios, videos, pdfs, markdown, etc in obsidian notes. - amatya-aditya/obsidian-media-slider

- [Open Broadcaster Software | OBS](https://obsproject.com/) [19:09]
> OBS (Open Broadcaster Software) is free and open source software for video recording and live streaming. Stream to Twitch, YouTube and many other providers or record your own videos with high quality H264 / AAC encoding.

- [jerzyk manchester nh - Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=jerzyk+manchester+nh&newwindow=1&client=safari&sca_esv=d3a22b163d23497b&hl=en-us&ei=gmjlZ9WLKaWq5NoPwYfVwAU&oq=jerzyk+man&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiCmplcnp5ayBtYW4qAggAMgUQIRigATIFECEYoAEyBRAhGKABMgUQIRigAUj2OlCBDViwKnABeAGQAQCYAY0BoAGvA6oBAzIuMrgBAcgBAPgBAZgCBaACiQTCAgoQABiwAxjWBBhHwgIFEC4YgATCAgUQABiABMICBBAAGB7CAhQQLhiABBiXBRjcBBjeBBjfBNgBAcICBhAAGBYYHsICCBAAGBYYChgemAMAiAYBkAYCugYGCAEQARgUkgcDMS40oAepILIHAzAuNLgH-gM&sclient=gws-wiz-serp) [20:04]
>  