---
type: daily
title: 2025/11-November/2025-11-03-Mo
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/11-November/2025-11-02-Su\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/11-November/2025-11-04-Tu\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-11-03 

- time change sucks
- it’s so much of the world seems to be about performative cruelty.
- so thinking about contrition when people do something that is horrible and hurt other people wait don’t really have a mechanism for having them apologize make amends in other words show contrition and then after that behold we have a system where you know, we apologize to anyone who was offended, but that doesn’t do anything to the offender. You want the offender to feel something to experience something that captures the heinousness of their crime but all we have is the law. Is there a way for Harvey Weinstein to be completely contrite? Is there a rehabilitation after if not crimes bad acts, horrible wax do we even have a word for that level of harm where it doesn’t rise to the legal but well let’s be clear. I’m talking about what my parents did to us is there anything is there anything they could do to apologize to make it right and the main thing I got from the Jewish approach to looking for forgiveness is that the perpetrator that only has the obligation to explain what is right and make it right and resolve the never do it again and this is the kicker, and when faced with a similar situation does not do the bad thing again and maybe that’s why I’m so angry at my parents they’ve been contrite. They’ve apologized, but given the opportunity to apply their cruelty on us they continue to do it and this is this is what I think is interesting about the Christian conception of contrition and guilt that you can apologize and be cleared by God and other people, but you have no obligation to the person that you’ve hurt 


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-11-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

### Notes created today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-11-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc -->



> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-11-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc
>```


### Notes modified today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-11-03") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc -->


## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [MelGeek Pixel Palette Brick-Compatible Customize Mechanical Keyboard](https://www.melgeek.com/products/melgeek-pixel-brick-compatible-mechanical-keyboard)  [10:57]
>  MelGeek Pixel, world's first brick-compatible customize mechanical keyboard, start custom and build your keyboard now! 

- [Natural Semantic Metalanguage](https://intranet.secure.griffith.edu.au/schools-departments/natural-semantic-metalanguage)  [17:24]
>   

- [austin-bowen/llm-cli: Yet another LLM CLI command.](https://github.com/austin-bowen/llm-cli/tree/main)  [17:53]
>   

- [שטר ברית | Shtar Brit - Covenant for a Brit Ahuvim wedding, by Rebecca Ennen and Ari Weisbard • the Open Siddur Project ✍ פְּרוֺיֶקְט הַסִּדּוּר הַפָּתוּחַ](https://opensiddur.org/miscellanea/shtarot/shtar-brit-covenant-for-a-brit-ahuvim-wedding/)  [20:27]
>  A covenantal document for an egalitarian wedding/partnership rooted in R' Rachel Adler's brit ahuvim legal structure, not based on kiddushin. Written for a woman and man marrying each other (see genders in Hebrew). . . .