---
type: daily
title: 2025/02-February/2025-02-17-Mo
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/02-February/2025-02-16-Su\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/02-February/2025-02-18-Tu\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-02-17 

- [00:43] Watching [[Code 3 TV (1956)]] on [Amazon](https://watch.amazon.com/detail?gti=amzn1.dv.gti.89933daf-fefd-46d6-8d7f-f92f476be325&territory=US&ref_=share_ios_season&r=web)
- [03:08] Tagging and linking my notes, especially the fragments, the clever things I say
- Having trouble getting the plugins to load (looping on the loading workspaces — should turn that off)

---

[[tagging vs linking]]. I had a very clear idea of [[how I use Zettelkasten|when to use which]]. The thing is that I am engaged in exploring what I have. I haven't yet actually used this information machine to produce anything. Should I even think of using the LLMs to synthesize things for me.

---

- [03:40] Listening to music. [[Andrea Wittgens]] has some new stuff. Was looking for Lucette's Bobby Reid, and Perplexity was no help.

- Did I lose some input?
- [20:08] Sleeping a lot. No ice cream this time. Anxiety at getting the info ready for the retirement people. This is what I need:
> - Vanguard 401(k)
> - Fidelity Traditional IRA and SEP-IRA,
> - and E\*TRADE account. 
- [21:21] OK, got that done and sent my info to Karr Boucher. Yes, that feeling of relief that it's done. But also anxiety in the certainty that I fucked up.
- A lot of what I save rots quickly.
- What do you hope to get out of foo? Yes, I do hope I get out of foo. I always hated questions like this. Think of a calm place. You'd think everyone has calm place that they just -- oh yeah, it's time to go there. Location. The modus loci memory palace technique to remember things by imagining them in a place and then hanging the memories in that place. Like people have maps and 3d walkthroughs of places? How does that even work. Why would I put a memory in the entry of our Dunlap street house when I never go there except when I have to think of a place that I could hang a memory on.
  
  I hate fight scenes in movies, and I must skip right past them in books. In the movies it's well yes someone and someone are fighting and things are going to happen. I'm not interested in the fight choreography. I imagine there are people who are really into that, because why would they spend so much on making them. But in BOOKS. Holy cannoli! The descriptions of things bouncing of things, and fists doing things -- I can't even mimic those kinds of passages.
- Categorization is my kryptonite
  
## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-02-17") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

> [!Notes modified today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-02-17") SORT file.mtime asc
>```

## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [THE STORY | Pauline Andres](https://www.paulineshootsthings.com/) [03:47]
>  

- [HOME | Pauline Andres](https://www.paulineandres.com/) [03:48]
>  

- [Backpropagation: Multivariate Chain Rule](https://substack.com/inbox/post/157218392?r=15585i&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web&triedRedirect=true) [07:00]
> Computation graph, chain rule, multivariate chain rule

- [An update to my Alt Text generator shortcut](https://heydingus.net/blog/2025/2/an-update-to-my-alt-text-generator-shortcut) [09:40]
> One of my most-used shortcuts, and the one that gets mentioned the most online, is my Generate Alt Text with OpenAI Vision shortcut. Earlier today I
> via: https://bsky.app/profile/amerpie.lol/post/3lien37gwaf2l