---
type: daily
title: 2025/02-February/2025-02-06-Th
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/02-February/2025-02-05-We\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/02-February/2025-02-07-Fr\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-02-06 
- [08:53] web clipper and Obsidian startup time 
- [12:13] Eleventy Dev meetup. Human beings 
- [12:16] People talk too much
- [15:14] having trouble getting started on playing with [[Enveloppe]]. It's a kind of a too many choices. It really doesn't matter.
- [15:53] I'm not sure I remember what I was doing, but I just went down a rabbit hole with [[Hookmark]]. Some time in 2023 I installed it, and never tried to use it until now (for the [[Enveloppe]] project). Turns out my license had expired, but hold and behole it's on Setapp, so yay
- [15:56] I'm trying to avoid using other tools. Is there any reason that my worklogs shouldn't go into my vault.
- [17:47] s [[Nescafe ad 1947]]
- [18:03] taking a detour to lay down some bones on [[Second Great Awakening]]
- [18:05] we're trying the multiline text box, for the case where we want to say something more moreish. 
- I was concerned, when I set this [[Quick Add]] action, that the multi-line edit box would be difficult to get quick thoughts. but I don't have many of those
- [18:12] right I forgot: the one-/multi-line is a _global_ setting. Not a per-doodad setting. so having two doodads, one with and one without the multi-line text box, while laudable to some extent (obvious, really, if you ask me), is, as the Americans say: _no can do._
- TOWATCH [[Knife in the Water (1962)]]
- Trying to get [[Hookmark]] to work because I want to collect links [[JA Westenberg|Permissionless]]
- [21:37] I still have not made the least headway on the [[Enveloppe]] project
- [[enveloppe worklog]]
   



## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-02-06") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

> [!Notes modified today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-02-06") SORT file.mtime asc
>```

## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [DeepRAG: Thinking to Retrieval Step by Step for Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2502.01142) [08:53]
> Abstract page for arXiv paper 2502.01142: DeepRAG: Thinking to Retrieval Step by Step for Large Language Models

- [Obsidian Garden Gallery](https://obsidian-gallery.craftengineer.com/) [09:04]
> Your daily dose of inspiration - Explore what others built & publish with Obsidian


- [Creating typed links in Obsidian using properties](https://readwithai.substack.com/p/creating-typed-links-in-obsidian) [19:00]
> One thing that I’ve found myself wanting in Obsidian is links with a type so you can say how one page is related to another.

- [Show HN: An API that takes a URL and returns a file with browser screenshots | Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=42965267) [19:08]
>  

- [Why Roadside Picnic is One of the Best Sci-Fi Novels Ever Written](https://blog-on-books.blogspot.com/2025/02/why-roadside-picnic-is-one-of-best-sci.html?m=1) [19:47]
> A thought-provoking sci-fi classic, Roadside Picnic explores alien contact, power, and the unknown in a gripping, philosophical story.

- [XScreenSaver: Screenshots](https://www.jwz.org/xscreensaver/screenshots/) [19:56]
> XScreenSaver is a collection of free screen savers
     for X11, Linux, macOS, iOS and Android.

- [Show HN: An homage to Tom Dowdy's 1991 screensaver, "Kaos" | Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=42963346) [19:56]
>  