---
type: daily
title: 2025/04-April/2025-04-01-Tu
tags:
  - infohoarding
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/03-March/2025-03-31-Mo\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/04-April/2025-04-02-We\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-04-01 

- Workout heavy on the legs. I can't stand on one foot and bounce a ball.
- Haircut.
- This. The effect of THC. It's not so much that I like this feeling. It's more about what I'm not feeling. Not feeling:
	- There's something I'm supposed to do and it's coming up on becoming critical (tax related)
	- So this is still the situation but THC lets me exist with it with less anxiety -- like the difference between pain relief and numbing pain
	- in either case: where does the pain go. when you take an analgesic is the pain still there? My model is that numbing masks the pain, and the pain is still there
- [[Anyway]]
- What is missing here is a way to surface connections. [[Everything's documented, you just don't know where]]
- I had high hopes that LLMs would help here. or the graph view, to show connection
- what's missing is that when I am saving a piece of info, I have to mark it in some way:
	- tagging 
	- linking [[infohoarding notes]]
	- search
- but that doesn't help when I don't know the thing that answers my question -- more to the point: I don't know the question that the thing is an answer to
- or an example: thing. I need a name for that 
	- ==So much of technical writing is figuring out what the thing should be called==
	- how do I save that snippet so it comes up when I need it, when I don't know where/when I would need it. Talking about referring to things. This pane, that panel. you need a way to refer to different parts of the interface 
- We are talking about finding a term for the information we're ~~hoarding~~ saving. in our case it's mostly digital, but a term that applies to meat space is also good, so the idea of a term involving "info" might be too specific
- I keep circling back to "the treasure"
	- the useful object
	- the hope object
	- the past me is so clever object
- The artifact


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-04-01") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-04-01") SORT file.mtime desc
>```

## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [We Can, Must, and Will Simulate Nematode Brains—Asterisk](https://asteriskmag.com/issues/09/we-can-must-and-will-simulate-nematode-brains) [15:22]
> Scientists have spent over 25 years trying — and failing — to build computer simulations of the smallest brain we know. Today, we finally have the tools to pull it off.
> Look at the font and link underlines of this page