---
type: daily
title: 2025/04-April/2025-04-03-Th
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/04-April/2025-04-02-We\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/04-April/2025-04-04-Fr\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-04-03 

- Some more experiments on [[PBORENSTEIN 2025]] today
- Been an off kilter day. Saw this Reddit post about [[do donors understand what happens]] to their papers when the archivist chooses to leave some things out. Like when hoopy died, it was in a sense a preview of my own death. We were very different personalities but we were alike in temperament. I saw that he had lovingly if not carefully stored and archived everything. I think about a notebook of his, a logbook for his gig in Dakar with some Frenchmen he liked to call frogs. "Oh me everyone's so sensitive. It's all in good fun." I thought about taking it, but let it go with almost everything he'd saved into the bin.
- Here we were at the end, beyond his end, and had to answer the question: What was he saving all this for? Is there some innate wish we have for leaving fossils, hidden treasure? Do we expect all these things to become entombed by the sediment of eons? Did the Sumerians imagine that they would exist only in stone? Who will our archaeologists be? Were there people like me who decided 
	- what was kept what was lost
	- what was treasure what was trash
	- this is a common Leonard Cohen construction: this/that holy/profane 
- But back
- What was hoopy saving this for? For his own use in the future or for the benefit of later generations who might learn something from the odds and ends of a long-gone man's life
- it is our responsibility to leave behind [[relics for the future]]
- I imagine that all of it is true in some way, but it all comes down to wanting to be remembered to continue here after death

===

- [[evangelical Christianity]] is really weird

===

- [[self-censorship in journals]]
- I don't like going for a walk because it doesn't have a reason. Where are we walking to? Sometimes a goal could be the top of a mountain, to do a circle returning to the beginning for the purpose of exercise but only if the walk changes, walking to a restaurant. So saving information [[infohoarding notes]], I don't know what its purpose is for me. Something about posterity maybe? Why did I start journaling in the first place? I think:
	- I thought someone might find me interesting enough to love me/be my friend (not having friends makes it difficult to perform)
	- I would do Important Things and the records of how I achieved these things would be of benefit to the Historical Record. 
	- Someday, after I'm dead, someone will discover my writing and become interested and write about me
	- the through line seems to be: I want someone to discover who I really am and love me for that
	- perhaps? I tend to sabotage those who do?
	- perhaps? I become disappointed distraught that they don't love me, don't love me enough, don't love me the right way?
	- wanting to be seen
	- wanting that someone is happy to see me
	- who am I without audience
- TOCHECK "Search illegible brain dump on tiktok. I've recently discovered this and has been a game changer." via [[self-censorship in journals]] reddit post

===

- I think one of the things I like about [[MadMen (TV)]] is that it's about a world with order. via: https://www.reddit.com/r/madmen/s/EFgPWER2cN
- this part: [[who can call Don out]]
- hmmm [[MadMen (TV)#^09248f|sorting]]


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-04-03") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-04-03") SORT file.mtime desc
>```

## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

- [Minimal CSS-only blurry image placeholders](https://leanrada.com/notes/css-only-lqip/) [03:43]
