---
type: daily
title: "2025/08-August/2025-08-24-Su"
tags:
---

|<< [[Daily/2025/08-August/2025-08-23-Sa\|Yesterday]] \| [[Daily/2025/08-August/2025-08-25-Mo\|Tomorrow]] >>|

## 2025-08-24 

- Weed shopping. Breakfast at Dream Diner. 
- Talked to mom. Talked to Gil. Somehow made him upset
  > Well, that was surprising.
  > 
  > I thought I was saying that in times of great convulsion, the main job of people is to survive. It is bleak. I'm sorry I upset you.
- Is he upset that I don't share the exact flavor of corporate amorality? That I think that on times like this the best you can hope for was to not get eaten by the machine. He _has_ been spending a lot of time with Carol. It does rub off on him.
- The suddenness of his anger. His disgust. Did he say "I can't even talk to you" or is that in my brain. 
- It's all in my brain.
- This -- when he runs away -- is when I hurt most. He's done this, he does this every so often. It ends. But I wonder if this is what breaks us. 
- I don't dare share this with W. Not sure why other than a sympathy empaty thing. 
- No one knows me. 
- I don't know anyone.
- Feelings are thoughts. If I let go of feeling hurt do I lose Gil? I think it feels like it.
- I'm speaking gibberish. I've been having trouble being getting understood. I am missing a common vocabulary. Sometimes, speaking to people who don't understand your language (and I have been this person), they look at you somewhere between sympathy and TK and nod and smile and say yes. Why am I having trouble being understood.
- No. Why am I having trouble making myself understood.
- Generational language
- I started noticing that peoples were using terms I didn't know for things I did.
- The message of hope in convulsive times is not landing
- feeling a bit persecuted, but then 
- more and more I feel like I am disengaging with people. they're tedious, take too long to get to the point, and naturally they insist on being on my lawn.
- I wondered what it'd be like when he got older
- watched [[Pride and Prejudice (1940)]]
- watching [[The Life of Vergie Winters (1934)]]


## File activity

> [!Notes created today]-
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-08-24") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc
>```

### Notes created today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.cday = date("2025-08-24") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.ctime asc -->



> [!Notes modified today]-
> recent first
>```dataview
>List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-08-24") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc
>```


### Notes modified today

<!-- QueryToSerialize: List FROM "" WHERE file.mday = date("2025-08-24") and !contains(file.tags, "#daily") SORT file.mtime desc -->


## Gleanings

> what did we surf into now?

